I am a mountain of desires, 
With a single flower in my mountain. 
A flower of melancholy. 
And wind erodes her from my skin. 
Now, I am a barren land of pain, 
Wretched from places my mother doesn't know about. 
The lady does not exist, 
Yet she is married to someone else. 
My heart is thus void of her and
Full of regret. 
I am a mountain of regrets.



CHAPTER-1

"Should I inhale the smoke straight to my lungs?"
"Yes. Yes."
"But I'm scared"
"Oh don't be a baby. Everyone smokes cigarettes all the time. Its no big deal. Go on, smoke."

I am seventeen, away from home and trying cigarette for the first time. I live in hostel. I don't go to classes. Frankly, I don't understand what they teach in school. I have found a strange peace in loafing around. The chaos inside a bus, the fight in a tea stall, running from a stray dog after I poked its tail. I dissolve myself in wasting my youth. Cigarettes, pornography and writing, I was introduced to these with the passage of time. I do not have friends. But these are three people that I happen to spend my time with. My relationship with them is only because they provide me with cigarettes and magazines from time to time. Their pale skinny faces covered with red dust, bones gawking out of their jaws, oily and messy hair, poor clothing, also a particular cut mark below the right eye on one of them. I despise these people. 

They are a group of three. Four, including me. We meet, sometimes randomly when boarding and roaming on the same bus, sometimes a well planned meet. We don't have phones. When to meet, and where to meet next, we decide during our conversations at the tea stall. 
"Friday at 11:30am near the maharaja cinema Hall"
"Okay", "Okay", "Okay", we all nod along. Any one of us rarely has any jobs to do. Our days are empty. 



CHAPTER-2 (One year later)

A cigarette stuck to my hand, occasionally I put it to my mouth and slightly chewing it's butt I inhale lot of it. When I smoke out, I see little rings flying away, sometimes getting tangled and dancing their way up and then soon perishing. I have now become a pro at smoking. It's been a year now, since my first smoke. I am eighteen. A lot has happened in the past year. I have started to look like them. My eyes red from lack of proper sleep and doses of alcohol. I have lost weight, some ten or twenty kilos in the least. Sometimes when I cough, I cough out blood. I try to reduce the number of packets of cigarettes but I can't help myself. It has become my lifestyle. And out of the three people I knew, One of them has passed away. He suffered from jaundice and couldn't afford medicine. They are slum people. It is normal to them. I did not feel any remorse particularly. Their attachments mean nothing to me. 

The remaining two are called Manu and Champi. 
I have never preyed into their lifestyle but from the small conversations we have I have got to know a few things about their life. Champi's father was a drunkard and died when Champi was seven. Manu's mother is sick. That is all. We don't talk of our personal lives when we meet. We mostly talk about sex, gambling, alcohol, drugs and writing. As poor education as they received, but their writing skills were highly commendable. 

"The day bestows on me only hardships" Manu would pull out a phrase like that once in every while. 
Dramatically he would phrase, "Oh dear sun, do you come out every morning just to mock me?"
"We are but poor humans, dear Manu. This is our fate. To writhe in misery and call out for help without being heard", Champi joins in onto the overflowing drama. 
"Dear Champi, do you often feel as though you have lost in life something you couldn't even gain?"
"Why yes, yes I have. In mornings I wake up in my small cottage house with my dead father's picture hung on the wall, looking down at me in shame and disappointment, I feel as if it's not just something I have lost in life, rather it is life alone I have deserted somewhere else."
"And what do you think about, when you realise that there is nothing you can do in life?"
"I think of the wall paintings under the big flyover in Market Square. These paintings have no where to go and they endure the sun and rain all throughout the year. I suppose a little misery is in everyone's shares. I often go there in evening to pass my time leisurely. I sit and observe the big trucks loading cartons of goods for shipment, fast moving vehicles that appear to me as though a single beam of light travelling very fast. College students just like me having something to do in evening rather than just sit idly. A traction of pain captures my heart. I feel the gaze of everyone's judgements upon me. Nevertheless, the small scatters of tea shops and their rich aroma slightly lighten my mood. I take a cigarette in one hand, tea in the other and smoking the fear away, I look at the sun setting under the bridge."

Manu and Champi would sometimes pause and look at me with aspiration of me joining into their misery, it would seem. However I just sat and watched them laugh about this conversation. I am not particularly articulate at expressing my misery. Sometimes I would say to myself, "Are they just being dramatic or is this pain real?" 

"I want a girlfriend", gullible Manu would say often. 
"What would you do when you get one?" I asked. 
"You know the normal things that couples do. Like.. Um.. Like... " Manu has no idea of what couples do, "I will just do whatever she says" He would finally conclude with. 
Everyone laughs and we go home for that day. 

I sit on the bus, returning to my hostel at 8 pm on a Saturday evening. The window seat is empty, much less the whole bus. I look out the window and see an array of street lamps evenly distanced from each other. As the bus moves rapidly, every second we drive past one street lamp. For some reason this, too, worries me. The nightscape view reminds me of my childhood. A childhood very different from my current state. A happy memory spent with my family. A childhood that was over in a flash. A melancholic nostalgia hovers around me. I feel dizzy and eventually fall asleep on the bus. 

However, just as I was about to fall asleep I heard a loud noise outside. The bus had stopped. Everyone on the road was shouting. Seems there was an accident on the other lane of the road. "Considering how busy the roads get at this time of the day, accidents are a common thing to happen I suppose.", I thought to myself and went back to sleeping. The cry of people kept increasing. It was irritating to hear their noise. But amidst the ruckus of the accident, there was particularly one voice which was evident to my ears. It was the voice of the woman who had been in the accident. For some reason my ears get drawn to her cries. The cries of a woman in her twenties, perhaps. She sounds as though a vacuum space, sucking everything that surrounds her. I see the woman, she is part covered in blood and holding her husband who is dead. It was clear that her husband is dead. When the people tried to take him away, she screamed, slowly realising that her husband was dead, the man had been stitched to the woman. It was painful to watch. I did not know one could feel such sorrow at once. The ambulance arrived and took the dead body. Then she too was taken for treatment. She had a wounded hand and big scars on her head. 
The ambulance drove off, people chatting about the accident also started going on, the traffic cleared and our bus was starting again. A simple evening turned drastic in a moment. I reached hostel at around 9:30pm. 

At night, the voice of that woman replayed in my head. How could she handle so much tragedy alone? I am not one to spare thoughts about people's sorrow but this woman's case has kept me in a swamp of thoughts. I must shake off this thought before it grows in me. 

A few days go by. 

CHAPTER-3 

"Today I will write a letter to my home" I decided this four days ago. I need to tell my mother about what is happening in my life. 

But what will I say to her? It scares me. Last I talked with my family was two years ago. My father's letter came one day saying that it was enough disappointment of me to be their child so I needn't come home anymore. They will be sending money for hostel and a little extra as long as I am in school. Then I am free to do what I want. I am broken off of my home. It pains me to remember my childhood days where I had a family and a home. 

I feel tense all over my body every time I remember my mother. It is not supposed to be this way, rather I should feel happy. I don't know why. I don't know anything anymore. How would my mother feel hearing from me? Will her day be ruined because of me? Or perhaps she would have formed a soft corner for me after so much time? Perplexed I sit to write. The blank letter paper is my horror. 

I begin to write, 

	"Mother, I am not well. My health is poor. I do not look good. My eyes are dry and look like I have ran out of dreams to dream about. I drink more alcohol than water. As you know,    	I smoke. You hate me. Father hates me. I don't know nothing of my brother. Who am I to you? Why do you hate me so much? 

	To be honest I understand your hatred for me. 
	I tried to kill myself in the past, but failed. I was made fun of and I ashamed the whole family. You couldn't face anyone when they asked why I did it. I am sorry. I am so sorry 	that I wanted to run away so badly. Since then I have severed all my ties, but how can I forget you? My mother! No one talks to me. I am alone. I am lonely. No one asks me what I 	have eaten for breakfast today. Nor anyone tells me to drink eight cups of water everyday. I used to look after myself when I got sick but now that I get sick almost all the time, 	I have stopped doing that. Is it really my fault that I tried to kill myself?
	...

	I need to stop. Maybe I'll tell you why I tried to commit suicide the next time I write to you. 
	Write me back, please." 

This took me hours to finish. And yet I find the paper empty. The day is long gone and it's 1:04am in the night. There is no wind blowing and perhaps it's a little too late for birds to be flying. There is a strange familiarity to this dark night, I have seen this before. Rather it is the same dream I see every day. 

"Everyone is asleep, it seems. If I committed suicide now, will anyone notice?" 

The blank paper, with "Dear mother" written on it, I keep it on my chest and I go to sleep thinking about that lady, again. 
.
.
.

A married woman, recently married it seems, probably just a little more than 25. She is a small pretty lady with very fair skin and eyes as bright as the sun. She doesn't wear big earpieces or any such ornaments, although they would look good on her. Her hair is messy but kind of stylish. She must wear traditional dresses often I think. Anyone who ever felt her presence must not have forgotten about her. Such a beautiful woman sitting on the road, holding her dead husband and screaming. I cry looking at her. But I am not crying because they met an accident or her husband died. I am crying for myself. She reminds me that I, too, am dead inside myself. Such a complex emotion has had never occurred to me. I feel so much in pain thinking about her. I want her to touch me and caress me till I fall apart. I want her to hold me and just keep holding me. But her eyes are full of fear. Everything is invisible to her. She is imagining her future, a life without her lover, no kids and no family. Everything was forcibly taken away from her. Am not I the same as her? My family, my childhood also abruptly came to an end, didn't it? We both are connected by the same string of pain and suffering. 

"It would be nice to have someone join me in my sufferings", I think to myself but then I quickly put this thought away. I know this is bad. 

It was a dream. I liked this recurring play that put me at ease. I feel the pain is somewhat necessary to keep me alive. Again few days go by. 


CHAPTER-4 

Today is Tuesday perhaps. But it could be Saturday... I don't know. Likely I have no idea whether it is May or September. It is raining so it's probably August. I don't like any season. I don't like the clothes we would have to change with the changing seasons. I don't like branded clothes. I don't like big advertisement hoardings. I don't like celebrities. I don't like loud music. I don't like children of the age of 7 to 13. I don't like the combination that the colour red makes with grey. I don't like a lot of things for no absolute reasons. But I like cakes. I like small flowers that no one knows what to call. I like the congested roads that have houses on either side of them. I like taking walks without anyone else and whistling a random tune. I like falling asleep on random benches and wake up after a few minutes to see that the sky is really beautiful. I love to travel on buses without knowing where it is headed. I love to read. And I love the woman I saw that day. 
.
.
.

[I am silence. I am time. I am the matterless gap between two breaths, the time between afternoon and evening, I am the rhythm of voice in the sound of silence. Yes, as I said, I am in love with her.]

"What absurdity! Only a scoundrel can have such inappropriate thoughts." I have never been in love with anyone, "I am in love? Am I even allowed to feel this way? My mother doesn't love me, why would anyone else love me? And who is that woman? The lady that I saw once and now I am in love? Ridiculous. Her husband just died. She is so much older than me. What laugh! I don't even have a family" I criticize myself in order to supress and forget this feeling. 
"But maybe, because I don't have a family, I want to make one" 

I feel something new has happened to me and I don't like it. I feel this new 'something' will leave me crawling on the floor, vomiting and crying in pain. I fear love. 

As soon as my mind gets crowded, I always prefer to go out. I take a bus and travel to the last stop and then back. Sometimes I would drop at the railway station and just look at trains. "Where is this train going?", I like to distract myself from any ambiguous thought.


Almost an empty bus arrives at the stop. I board on it and a familiar voice calls me out. It was Manu, along with Champi. 
"What are you doing here?" Manu asked
"Just going somewhere", I didn't want to disclose anything about that lady. "What about you?" I asked. As soon as I asked that Champi let out a sigh and started weeping. 
"You haven't seen us in a long time, a lot has happened" Manu said while consoling Champi. 
"Champi met a girl few months back. She also had a kink for drinking tea and smoking cigarettes to forget her stress. Champi and she met at the tea stall that Champi frequently visits. They had seen each other a couple of times already. But one day the girl started talking to Champi out of the blue. 

'I have seen you here a couple of times.'
'Me too. You come here every Friday, don't you?' Champi said almost nervously.
'So you know me quite well it seems.' said the girl laughing.
Champi stayed silent. 
The girl continued, 'My father goes to play cards every Friday at 4 o'clock and so I finally get some time to come out of that house. I hate my father. I hate everything in that house. Ever since the day my mother died, my father's drinking habit has only increased. And not to mention my mother's death was only and only because of that man's drinking. He used to stay cheerful the whole day but as soon as it was dusk, he would start drinking alcohol. Whenever my mother would ask him to stop or deny giving him any more, my father's wrath would fall upon her. Once she got so sick that her hands and legs stopped working. I begged my father to go the hospital. He denied me. ''She will be just fine'', he said. Consequently she died. I will never forgive my father.'
Champi was startled to hear her speak so emotionally, but he did not know what to say. 
'My father was also a drunkard like yours.' Champi began to talk then, 'He is dead now. I do not have very fond memories with him. He died when I was seven years old. Although I do not remember him, I still feel his disappointment for me. I wish I could live a life where I would know my father feels proud.'
'Strange! You are a disappointment to your father and my father is a disappointment to me', 
They both laughed at her weird joke. 

Very soon Champi and that girl formed a bond. Champi was in love. It would be false to say that she was not in love with him as well.

Afterwards it became their routine to meet every Friday. She would complain about his father to Champi and he would listen intently. He would pay for the both of their tea. And sometimes she would save up money and buy him few gifts. One time, the girl stole her father's watch and brought it for Champi.
'You would look handsome wearing a watch' she said. But Champi refused to wear it and asked her to return it back. 

It was clear that they were getting to the point of a relationship. So a few weeks back, one Friday evening Champi proposed to her." 

"What happened then? Did she reject him?" I asked. 

A dreadful drowsy atmosphere covered the bus. 

Manu teared up, "She said she would reply after one week. But she never returned again. Champi waited for her every Friday. Today we went to search for that girl and found out that... She  died. Her father found out that she had been sneaking every Friday to meet some boy so he started beating her and she stumbled upon a hard edge of the furniture. She wasn't even taken to the hospital. She bled to death right at their doorstep." 

What an absolute despair. To see Champi growl in pain and shout made me think about love. Champi's cries were just the same as that woman. Is love such a curse? Does it scar just anyone and everyone? I feel even more fear in my heart now. 
A damping sensation in my heart and a sharp high pitch tone deafens me for a moment. I can see Manu talking but I hear nothing. My mind is going numb from feeling this way. I rest my hand on Champi's head and say to him, "Everything will be alright." I know nothing will be alright. He will now live with an emptiness in his body for the rest of his life. Nothing will be the same anymore. 

We got off at a tea shop and spent some time in silence. Manu and I consoled Champi upto some extent. And then we departed into our own little worlds with our own difficulties to face.

Time passed. I was simultaneously in love and I was scared. I was desperate and confused; oblivious of my own self. If I close my eyes for a little too long, I will forget who I am. This is what drives me crazy. I want to see her, again. Her eyes, I want to eye. Her hands I wish to hold. I want to touch noses and whisper into her ears, all like lovers would do. And yet this is what I think will be the cause of my death. 

"How to stop time? They asked. 
Love a woman, 
And let her leave. 
See how time stops. 
How rain ceases and 
Winter perishes with summer. 
See how there is no fall nor autumn. 
She goes and comes but only in dreams. 
I have become a pond of time, 
My water has dried, and time has stopped endlessly."  


CHAPTER-5 

It was December again. It's been yet another year I did not talk with my family. I don't think they even remember how I look. I try to stay positive. "Whatever happens, happens." I roam and roam and eventually return, quite lively, to my hostel at night. To my surprise I find Manu and Champi sitting in front of the hostel, shivering in the cold night. 

"What are you two doing here?" I ask them in shock. 
"Happy birthday", they both scream at my face...
 
I lived alone for so long in desperation for love and family. My life has been a very tough road for the last few years. This is the first time anyone has done this, how did they know of my birthday I don't know. I could not control myself anymore. I broke down and started crying. So loudly, So freely I cried. I felt as if I was a baby again. 
"I can't ask any more of you. I have been arrogant too many times, but I have no one but you. I love you both."
"We love you too", they say to me and add, "And we have something for you. Champi and I have put together some money, not a lot, but enough to treat you to a cake. We know you are not on well terms with your family and that is why we are here to tell you, not to think of us as anything less than your family." 
Incessant tears ran down my face. I spring up to hug them, I have at last found some reason to live here, to go on in my life. For the first time in four years or so, I thought to myself, "I have a family."

Then I sneak them into my room. We all play dress up like little girls would. I had a very few fancy clothes saved up, though I didn't like to wear them. Somehow on that special occasion I would wear that and then go to a fancy café and eat fancy. I was excited. Eventually Manu and Champi left. I was ready to go out. Well dressed and smiling. 


CHAPTER-6 

There was this place that I had been wanting to go for a pastry, but always would be short of money. Today was different thanks to Champi and Manu. I entered in there. By that time I was inside I started feeling nervous. This much people to face suddenly, to communicate and interact, I had forgotten all those. Yet somehow I manage to order and sit on an empty bench keeping a distance from the crowd. My food arrived with a drink I had ordered. I take my spoon to dig into the cake. 

But, I throw the spoon to the ground in a strange anger and resentment. I was scared to death. My legs would soon give out. I felt like my mind was about to explode, when I saw that same lady sitting in the cafe and drinking coffee alone, the same lady that I had seen in that accident, the same lady that I could not stop thinking about. I could recognize her right away. For a fact, I am certain that I will never forget the eyes of the woman I love. The scars on her face, she's changed her hairstyle. She wears glasses now. A certain happiness feels as if was scratched from off her face. She was reading a book in complete stillness. 

A woman falling out of love is perhaps more miserable than a man instead. That is what I conclude, looking at the dense silence surrounding her. But the depression that hangs upon me is also as miserable as hers. Desperate to talk, too coward to reach out and yet a willingness to continue looking at her from afar; for as sad as I was, I was also in love with her. 
I enjoyed that little moment adoring her beauty, beauty that was screaming from beneath her wounds. Her fingers clutched onto a book and a mug of coffee simultaneously. Her eyes looked as if they had in them the secrets of her heart, almost spilling them to the entire world. I notice myself slipping one too many compliments subconsciously, spacing out just looking at her; Astonished of how deep I was in love with her. But my daydreams come to a halt as she stood up, gathering her books, bag and heading towards the door. I must stop her somehow. 

If she leaves now, she leaves forever. 
If I don't speak now, I shall weep forever.
What outcomes come out of life, Whether I talk or not. 
I have been alone, I will be alone. 
And what I must do, is simply what I want. 
And what will happen, let it happen...


"Wait", I let out a cry attracting all the attention I didn't ask for. A few people laughed, few looked at me in peculiarity. She didn't stop. As she headed out, I subconsciously ran for the door. Outside, again, I called out "wait". This time she did hear me. As she turned around, I felt as if my worries were slowly being taken care of. Her eyes were even more beautiful from up close. 
"Do I know you?" She asked in complete oblivion as to who I was. Obviously, she doesn't know me. There would never be any chance of it. Still it felt disheartening. 
"You left your handkerchief at the cafe", I said, accidentally picked that up as I was chasing her. 
"Oh thank you very much", she was genuinely happy. It made be feel good.
I knew I had to say something. I mustered up all the courage in me and said,"And you look really beautiful"
I thought she would be hearing it very often. Given she was that astoundingly beautiful. But she made that expression that was hard for me to comprehend. A sad smile, one that I was too young to understand.
"Do you think I am beautiful even with all these wounds on my face?" She asked me, "What do you even know about these scars and what I have lost due to them", looking straight at me with no trace of tears in her eyes nor showing any signs of weakness, but with a very complex and raw expression of pain. I could not answer. My silence was lame. She turned around and said, "Thank you for your complement. Goodbye, boy"
. 
.
"I do not know who you are. Nor how you got that scars." I lied subconsciously, "Who you were before the scars and who you are now maybe different, the things you want in life may have changed, but can I tell you this... Today the most beautiful eyes that I have seen are yours, the sweetest voice I have heard is yours, the dress you are wearing and your little earring, your every little bit that I have observed is just beautiful and perhaps, you have been the best thing to happen today on my birthday"
. 
"Aren't you the sweet talker.. How old are you?"
"19, today" I said and smiled. 
"Well.. Happy birthday" she said and smiled back at me. 
"What is your name?" I asked again in nervousness. My heart stopped to hear her name just once, and for what it felt like everything around me also stopped, the wind and the cars passing by. A few moments went by while I starred at her face in anticipation to hear her name. Say it. Say it. 

"Ay bhenchod!" A voice came disturbing my momentary excitement. A bike had crashed into a vendor shop near us. The cafe we were standing at was in a very busy street. Small accidents like these were common. 
But we forget that things that are ordinary for most people, might be traumatic for some. The lady, who had been in a life-ending accident in the past had been traumatised ever since. She  cowered behind my back. Holding onto my shirt. Shivering strongly. She must have been dealing with some mental strain after the incident. She held onto me for quite some time and I didn't say anything. I hated how happy that made me feel. 

She held my arm with strength and I took her to a different quite place. She was still shivering but she let go of me now. We had walked away from that coffeeshop and now we were walking silently, awkwardly. She felt embarrassed after that and I was too nervous to break the silence. 

"I'm sorry", she said," I can explain myself"
"You don't need to."

After a pause she concluded in sobbing and saying nothing. Seeing an older lady cry like that, and that too someone I loved, it made me feel distressed. At first my ears went hot and then the side of my eyes felt heavy. Before I knew it I was crying too. I tried not to but ended up crying harder than her. And seeing me cry made her cry even more. We both cried in the middle of the road. We both had a pain that now one understood. We shared that pain. No words could have expressed our pain. We just needed each other to cry away all our agony. We finished crying and went back to our normal awkward selves. 

She laughed then, looking at me. "Thank you", she said and nothing else. I felt that too. A deep gratitude. 
"I never got to know your name", I asked again.
"I will tell you. But not now. Meet me tomorrow in front of that same cafe. We will go for a walk again." 
It seems I have gotten myself a date! "Uh..Yea,,SURE!" I was delighted!
"See you tomorrow then. Bye" 

What a mysterious lady. I watched her walk away into the night. Her steps had a rhythm as she walked slowly but elegantly far off, eventually vanishing from my sight. With a slight cold breeze filling up the space she had left behind, her scent lingered still in the air. I felt her presence in front of me, as if I was still being watched by her eyes and I could hear her voice in my ears. I walked away in a different direction. "What a mysterious lady", I dreamt about her as I waited for the long night of despair to end and for the next day to arrive.  

CHAPTER-7

Finally it was morning again. A new day filled with hope. I hadn't seen a sunrise with so much hope in a long time. I prayed to God before I got out of the bed. I wanted today to go well. We were about to meet at four in the evening. I had a whole afternoon to spend in waiting. 
"I need to do something. Maybe I should write a letter to my mother". 

In a cheerful mood this time, I being to write, 

	Dearest mother,

	How are you? How is everyone at home? I am in love, mother, I am in love. And what a splendid woman to be in love with I must tell you. I have never seen someone with so much 	elegance and kindness. She has such a lovely voice and she smells so nice. I saw her once in a tragic incident but I met her again only yesterday. One thing led to another and now 	I'm meeting her again today, for a date! I am so happy mother, I wish I could tell you. I wish you were here to see this. 

	Only if you were here to see this. I wish you'd forgive me already. I want to go home now. I want to stay with you and take care of you and I want you to take care of me. Haven't I 	been punished enough? As promised let me tell you today why I tried committing suicide. Please pay attention while reading this.

	I tried to kill myself. Because I wanted to give people a reason to hate me. I was tired of being hated without a reason. Maybe I never actually wanted to kill myself. I just 	wanted to let everyone know that I am such a low human being that death meant nothing to me. I wish I could sometimes just write this in a piece of paper and shove it inside 		people's throats. But I am weak. Why am I always the weak one, mother? I am in fact such a disgusting human being because I never considered how a mother would feel to see her dead 	son. Would you have been sad if I had died that day? But Actually, to be honest, I did consider it. I did think what would happen to all of you if I died and the only response I  	got from myself was that it wouldn't matter anyway if I lived or not. Ah, its so disturbing to think about the past. It was your fault. All of you made me kill myself. 

	I don't mean this. I am going crazy. I just want you to know that it was somewhere your fault too. But I can't blame you entirely. You are my mother.\\\

I abruptly ended the letter, painfully. I couldn't continue writing anymore. As I looked at the clock, the afternoon was almost gone. I had missed lunch again. The clock read 3:30pm. "I will be very late now", I hurried in panic. The pain from writing such a sorrowful letter still persisted, but it was somewhat reduced due to the joy. The joy of meeting the love of my life, for that was what I had started considering her, "The love of my life, The sun of my life".

I peeked at the letter and it was again only a blank paper. I felt relieved.

Out I went through the door, dancing through the crowd and traffic, on time to meet her at the cafe. To my surprise I saw her from afar, already standing there and continuously dressing her hair in the reflection of the cafe glass window. She was wearing a dress, looking at which one could say that she indeed spent some time going through an array of dresses, selecting which dress to wear to look good. She wanted to look good and was waiting for somebody. That somebody is me. I was full of giddiness.

I went to her. Nervous. Looking messy, but with an unbounded excitement.

"I am sorry, I'm late" I said. 
"Oh no worries, you are right on time" She said smiling, "Umm.. Do you want to go to a movie?" 
I was about to say okay but my stomach growled so loudly. Grrrrr. She heard that and laughed. So embarrassing. 
"Did you not have lunch today?" She said laughing
"No. I skip lunch on most days"
"What?? But that's not good for your health. You should always eat properly and are you drinking water properly? Oh look at you--" she said gently touching my face, "you look so weak. My God"
She was genuinely concerned about my health. I felt as if she was my mother for a second. Being with her healed my wretched soul slowly. 
"And what else should I care about?" I asked playfully. 
"You should pray to God atleast twice everyday. Once before getting out of bed in the morning and once before you go to sleep. And you should wash your hands and legs, you should was your face before going to sleep. And you should——"
Again my stomach growled in hunger. Stupid stomach.
"Oh poor boy. Come let's eat first."
I was scared to eat because if I went to eat I wouldn't have enough money to watch movie. But how do I deny her? I fidgeted in my poverty. 
"Don't worry I will pay." She whispered slowly to me. Definitely she saw through me in a second. After all she was so much mature compared to me. It did make me a little embarrassed but that embarrassment had some hidden parts of happiness. Happiness of being understood without words. 

Then we went inside the cafe to eat. We shared some food. We talked about a lot of things. I didn't mention anything miserable about my past but only the few good memories. She told me about herself. How she had a tricycle when she was four years old that she used to ride every evening without fail, and about the time she had a fight in fifth grade in school with a kid who used to bully her friend. She told me about a guy she had a crush on in high school and how she even once tried to propose him but failed. She then told me the story about how she met her first boyfriend in college who in later years married her. She almost cried saying this story, sometimes pausing and thinking to herself then shrugging her shoulders and continuing. She was one who loved to talk and I loved listening her talk so eagerly. She even told me that she had been depressed so long and that she was delighted when I complemented her with so much honesty. We talked for so long that time was irrelevant. 
Finally when we noticed it was too late for the cinema. I was crushed. I was looking forward to seeing a movie with her. I was sad and perhaps she too noticed my sadness. For she said to me, "Would you", in very slow nervous tone, "Would you like to come over to my place?"
I had never visited any of my friends' house ever. It was a first time experience for me to be invited and that by such a wonderful lady. I couldn't deny even if I wanted to. I silently nodded. Slightly flushed nevertheless. 
We walked to her home while both of us were a little shocked. 

She lived alone. We entered her house and there was a cat. It was a very warm place, the place had a scent of home and also it had her scent all over the house. I felt very relaxed there. 

She asked me to sit. 
Played some music. 
She went into the kitchen, maybe to find something to eat. 
After a minute, I followed into the kitchen to see her. 
She was cutting up some vegetables and preparing something for both of us. I joined her without asking anything. She didn't hesitate though. 
It was just us and her cat. We were silently working in the kitchen while listening to the music. The peace was delusional, it made me forget all of my worries. The distance between us slowly decreased and I could feel that. Gradually we were next to each other, my shoulder brushing against her's slowly. We didn't speak of it but we continued with our work. Our hands touched; once, twice and again and again. Eventually we both realized. She looked at me and I kept staring at her face. Her eyes had a consoling look and for a moment she looked very weak. I held her in my arms, embracing and enveloping from around. She didn't try to break away from me. 
Oh how badly I wanted to touch her. I wanted to take my hand and touch all her untouched skin. I wanted to, for a moment, satisfy all my cravings for physical touch. And I knew she would not deny me if I asked her for sex, but I didn't. Instead I just kissed her head and her cheeks. I kissed her soft lips. I couldn't go any further without remembering that she had a husband and somewhere inside she still loves him. She too understood my feelings and didn't seek further. 

We understood each other's silence. What could be a greater satisfaction than being understood and accepted for who we are? We laughed and danced and then fell down on her couch. Never letting go of each other. We cuddled and listened to the same slow songs on the stereo. And we talked about a few other things before we fell drowsy again. 



"Have you heard the saying?"
"Hm?"
"It says that your birth mark is where your lover used to kiss you in your last life."
"Oh"
"You have a mark on your nose" She said, almost enviously, "Do you think your lover liked to kiss you on your nose?"
I stayed silent. 
Then she crawled onto me. And kissed my nose, repeatedly, over the same birth mark I had. Finally she said, "In your next life you will have two marks on your nose."
I felt loved. I had never felt so loved. 



It was late evening and we decided to go out for a walk again. We held hands through the market, swinging our interlocked hands high into the air and celebrating our new emotions. We rode on the December breeze and we floated everywhere in ecstasy. What joy love is! 
"Do you want to get something to eat?" she asked me. 
I was kind of feeling hungry again so I nodded yes. 
"Ok wait here for me. I will go and get something to eat." She crossed the road and went into a supermarket. I stood on the footpath on the other side of the road and waited for her. 
"Today is the best day of my life", I kept saying to myself. 

Suddenly I get a phone call. 

CHAPTER-8 

I get a phone call from an unknown number. I usually don't recive any calls but someone contacted me. As I proceed to pick it up I hear heavy panting noise from the other end. 
"Hello? Hello?" 
"Hello. I am Manu", finally he said controlling his breath. 
"Hello? What happened?" I slightly panicked hearing Man's restless panting voice. 
"They got Champi".... " Champi was arrested by police. They will probably hang him. And me too. Oh no. I don't want to die." 
. 
. 
"What are you saying Manu? Why is Champi in jail?? What happened? Tell me Manu what happened???"
"Champi... Champi killed that man. The father who killed her daughter. Champi's friend. Champi killed that man in anger. I tried to stop him but He killed him. Oh the police will catch me too"
.... 
.... 
.... 
I couldn't comprehend what just happened. Everything was going smoothly today. 
"It was such a good day. Now Champi is in jail? What is happening????? I must go see him now. I must go."
"But I need to tell her I am going to see a friend. Where is she?"

As I turn around I see her walking out of the store. 
I sign her to come fast. She realised I had something urgent to say so she hurried. 
But as she was hurriedly crossing the road to come to me, she didn't see that the road was too crowded. A car crashed into her. A very fast car crashed into her and she died, on the spot, in front of me, bleeding incessantly. 
..... Oh. What is happening? It wasn't supposed to be this way. No! No! No!! 
..... Everything turned silent. 

Everyone is shouting. There's been an accident. Oh I have seen this accident before. Look look it is the same woman in this accident that I saw once before. Oh wait. She is dead. 

The woman I love is dead. 
My friends are in jail. 
My family is no where near me. 

Should I suppose there is no meaning to my life? I should probably run. Run away from all of this. 
Yes. I should Run. 

I screamed and started running. I screamed so loudly it scared me. And I decided to run as fast as I could. I had no where else to go so I ran to my small hostel room. I entered. I locked myself in and I screamed. Everything was absurd to me. I broke the chair first, then my table. I tore my clothes and all the papers lying around. I found a bundle of unfinished letters with the words "dearest mother" written on them. I tore them and burnt them to ashes. And when there was nothing left to destroy, I decided to kill myself... 

In terms of sanity, I am insane. I am mad. Sick. I am a sick man to my deepest core. I cry, even though I don't cry for anyone. I laugh even when I am utterly uninterested. I am even unattractive. My own face, dark and distorted, eyes swollen and uneven facial hair, I hate. I hate the unsymmetrical smile that often creeps up to showcase. Everything is absurd to me. Only the abstract image of skies, unseen outer space and unbothered darkness fascinates me. That too is a fabrication. I am not at all fascinated, rather I am only to elaborate comfortable there. Not being seen is my only escape from being seen and judged. Being alive, being happy, being in love, is a luxury that I lack of and I will forever lack of. 


THE END.

