<i>

The spoon that I used to eat today seemed inappropriately long. It was like I never had ever put my hands on it. Which was unordinary because I 
have been using all the spoons in our house without exception. Now this, inexplicable turn of events, creates a tension. What if a burglar broke 
into our house, brought his own spoon for that matter and ate all of our yogurt from the fridge. That, to say, is uncommon certainly but definitely 
not impossible. What if a cat, a really big cat of the notorious kind, stole the spoon from someone's house and dropped it at ours. Well then I am 
the thief, or so it would seem to whoever's spoon the cat had stolen. Immediately now, this thought also strikes in mind, what if I am actually in 
the wrong house? What if this place is not at all my home but someone else's house where I have been trapped for all my life and consequently all 
the spoons here are new to me? 

"What a foolish imagination", I thought to myself. Why, I must be crazy to think that I am in the wrong house when I know the inventory of this 
place by heart. For say, the living room has a weird two faced clock, one of which has stopped working since a long time ago and the other shows a 
constant time delay by two hours. There are three forks in the kitchen out of which one fork is bent shaped from back when I tried to open a lid 
using the fork. There are exactly forty three toothpicks left in the box which I make sure to tally every morning. I have known these two lizards 
for a long time now, that are accustomed so comfortably to one of these walls that I have barely ever seen them in motion. These lizards make me 
sick. I can never tell what they are thinking or what they are talking about. Sometimes I try to make a guess at their conversation but I can only 
conclude that they are making fun of me. I despise these lizards. 
When I bath I always complain to myself that the shampoo might just run out any day now. However it never does. And lastly there is a dimly lit 
space where I usually spend most of my time at. This place has my prints all over it, like my footsteps, that are sometimes spaced so unevenly 
distant, looking at which one could predict that a man has been pacing around in a nervous breakdown at this place. There are marks of my shadow as 
well and of my thoughts too. Sometimes at night I fear to sit alone in this place, afraid that I might succumb to my thoughts and perhaps do 
something to myself and not be able to tell anyone.

	I live alone.

I spend all of my time indulged in these bothersome thoughts. Thoughts that accompany me out of my loneliness or rather push me forward. Medically 
I have been diagnosed as a fit person, but I feel I think too much. That is my illness. And yet that is my sole habit. Thoughts are my only 
companion and to think, is my only occupation. Another illness that is chronic to me is my sadness. My sadness is a disease born out of my habit 
of staying alone and my inability to express what I want to say. However I believe, it is only valid to be a human and sometimes feel incompetent. 
For the world is such a big place and we're so tiny. The difference in what we know and what we don't know is such a vast amount that we sometimes 
feel left out, stupid. And even though we are stupid, there is an innocence to our stupidity. People who waste away all of their time in hope for 
something good are my favourite kind of stupid, next to them are people in love and people falling out of love. Anyone who thinks is smart, but 
knows is stupid is a different kind of stupid and smart people who do not have the confidence to call themselves smart are also stupid. We are all, 
in different ways, stupid. Ah, the joy of being surrounded by stupid people. 

Coming back from my train of thoughts into my small isolated room, I realise that time has passed too slowly despite of my incessant daydreaming. 
But my room has stayed the same. The books spread out like leaves all around, the window half open, half broken and a slow cold breeze entering 
through it, the colour from the walls are starting to wear off and the mirror hung from a nail in the wall has my reflection; my sadness oozing 
from it. What is the reason for my sadness? Absolutely nothing. It has become an addiction and I wish to get rid of it. 

I storm out the door in a strange anger, tired of my own self. 
"Today will be different. Today I will make a friend", I kept saying this inside my head as I walk on the road after so long. 

I always feel that people are very difficult to look at when you walk on the road. And to talk with one of them is a bigger challenge. No one has 
the time to stop and ask me how I am doing. Its almost as if I am invisible to the eyes of people. And for the little amount of people that do 
notice me think of me as a completely wasted person. What am I doing wrong? Is it the way I dress? Should I consider changing it? Or do I give some 
foul smell? Are my eyes really drowsy? I feel so too sometimes actually. Maybe people hate me for my smile. How creepy it is for a person like me to 
be smiling in the middle of the road and that too while my conscience is almost always dissolved in a constant sense of misery. Am I a bad person, 
even though I have no particular hatred nor attachment with anyone? 

How can I, amidst these conditions, say that I want to make a friend? What even is a friend? I can only imagine what and what not but I have, in my 
life, experienced only so much of friendship to say that it takes a very minute incident for the people you call friends to turn into foxes who 
dress themselves in human skin only to trick you and betray you at the end. 
"What a depressing thought", I sigh and conclude with this as I reach a certain place after walking so long through the city.

And this certain place that I'm speaking of is a heaven of cheap alcohol and horny women. With time, I have earned a special seat in here and 
perhaps a few acquaintances that are ever so frequent to this bar that whenever I visit I meet them. I wouldn't call these people my friends either. 
They are people, like me, who have come here to get drunk until a point they forget every worry and perhaps listen a few stories. The reason why 
people in this bar remember me is due to my absurd story telling that drunk people quite enjoy a lot. 

"Hey look its the narrator-guy", screamed one person as I entered through the door. I panicked and only waved back to him and proceeded to get a 
drink for myself. I am not very fond of the man serving drinks at the counter, just like anybody present at the bar. That is because of his extra 
loud and over friendly nature. Not that I don't like such kind of people but this person particularly, is a fake person. The facade of kindness he 
creates is only to deceit people who are fool enough to believe in his charming words. But not me. 

"Welcome back", said he. 
"Bring me the same drink I always order. And no need for any small talks." I said abruptly, hoping he would not continue our conversation. 
But laughing out he said, "You are still a weird young man, I must tell you. Why, do you never like to smile?" 
"I smile only when I have to. Not to flatter somebody or manipulate somebody."
"I get it. I get it. But--" he notoriously framed, "You are never going to get any girls if you always have that face hanging down so low. Makes 
you look old." He burst out laughing as soon as he completed his dialogue. 

His queer laugh was getting on my nerves. Oh so frustrating! But suddenly I felt a hand on my shoulder dropping down to my arms. It was a rather 
small and softer palm as to what I am usually acquainted of. It was definitely a woman. 

"Now don't tease the young man." A very soft voice came from over my shoulders. I looked back in surprise, and caught the sight of such a splendid 
lady. To describe her would take more than a few words, such was her stature. A fair woman, with eyes so big hiding behind a pair of spectacle. Her 
hair curled down to her chin with a few loose strands flying freely over her face gave her a look that was enough for me to get drunk on, like no alcohol 
ever could have such effect on any man. And her voice! Her tiny giggle as she slipped in middle of her talking with the bartender. My ears had a 
craving for such a lovely voice for a long time. 

I was getting swayed along for a little too long. I must return to the conversation from earlier. 

The lady said looking at me, "Don't tease him. He looks as if the city has been very tough on him. Poor boy." 
It was a very different feeling to be pampered by an older woman. But I had a feeling that I should not be submissive so I said rather rudely, "No 
need for your pity. I am fine."

"Are you though?" The lady said, while she had one hand on my shoulder and another one searching for my palm, eventually holding it and caressing 
it in a way that no one ever did. This was probably one of her ways to make a man go crazy and fall in love with her. I can only say for myself 
that whatever hypnotizing spell she was throwing at me, it was working. Every passing second I was a little more infatuated with her looks and the 
way she spoke and the dress she was wearing. But I should admit, my thoughts had been a little indecent too. I couldn't just look at her and think 
of only how beautiful she was and not do anything about it. I, predominantly, had this notion that I wanted to go with her to any cheap hotel I 
could find nearby and spend the night with her, holding her bare body in my arms and biting off a few pieces of that alluring body. It was all 
planned out in my head. First we would fuck. Then we'll keep the window open till late at night so as to let a cool breeze through the room. I 
would tell her a few of my stories, the small ones with romantics that usually girls prefer. Then we share a few of our childhood stories until 
finally we're exhausted and just as we get sleepy, we fuck again. But it was, obviously, all in my head.

The bartender interrupts, "Oh pay him no mind. He is always frowning like an old man."
"At such young age?" The lady asks.
"Yes, at such young age." he says and adds, "Though he may look completely a waste of a person but let me tell you, he is in fact skilled at one 
thing. Very skilled."
"And what is that?" 
"Stories--" I interject. "I tell stories. Unusual, absurd stories that drunk old men quite prefer to listen. But as you may have judged already, I 
don't make a lot of money from that. I do this just out of a pity for these men. These people's lives are filled with so much misery that they waste 
better half of their days rotting in this bar. I believe they deserve an escape from this pitiful reality of theirs, and so I put a spin on my words 
and weave them a story that makes them less anxious and they go home happy."  
"And why are you so kind to others, when you yourself look miserable?"
"I won't consider myself as kind." I 

 

